# Electronic-Star-Bucks-system-with-file-handling-uisng-OOP
The system will have two types of users: customers and employees. New customers will be able to register by providing their username and password, full name, Emirate, telephone number, and email address. A 5-digit membership ID will be randomly assigned to each user, which they can use to access their account. Upon registration, customers can add money to their account using a credit card or by paying cash at the Starbucks shop using the Starbucks Smiles Card. New employee-users can register as an employee by providing their employee ID, job title, username, and password, along with their full name, Emirate, telephone number, and email address. An employee's account will also be assigned a 5-digit membership ID, which they can use to access their account. Like customers, employees can add money to their account using a credit card or by paying cash at the Starbucks shop using the Starbucks Smiles Car.
When a user logs in to their account, they will be able to view their account information and update it if necessary. Users can add money to their account using a credit card or pay by cash in the shop. They can then buy coffee products or any three items listed in the system. All purchases will be converted into reward points based on the amount spent. For example, a purchase of a mug for Dhs 60 will earn the user 60 reward points.
Users can also create a family account, where each extra account under the family account is linked to the main account. Each extra account will have a unique account ID, but the total money for all accounts will be linked. Therefore, anyone can top-up the total account balance, and all family members can share the total.
The system will also have a reward program based on the total points earned. Users with 1000 or more points will receive a 20% discount, while users with up to 500 points will receive a 10% discount. Users with up to 300 points will receive a 5% discount. Managers and staff will also receive discounts of 25% and 15%, respectively.

Make sure to have pyQT5 install on your system before running this program


